Copy paste (#1364)
mosaicml/composer: composer/algorithms/copypaste/README.md

This augmentation method can serve as a regularization technique to enhance the generalization capability of segmentation models for computer vision.

| ![CopyPaste](https://storage.googleapis.com/docs.mosaicml.com/images/methods/copypaste.png) |
|:--:
|*An example of data augmentation using CopyPaste. Object instances are randomly chosen from a source sample, jittered, and pasted into a target instance.*|

## How to Use

### Functional Interface

Here we run `CopyPaste` using index labels and interpolating the loss (a trick when using cross entropy).
```python
# Run the CopyPaste algorithm directly on the batch data using the Composer functional API
import torch
import torch.nn.functional as F
import composer.functional as cf

def training_loop(model, train_loader):
    opt = torch.optim.Adam(model.parameters())
    loss_fn_ce = F.cross_entropy
    loss_fn_mse = F.mse_loss 

    model.train()

    for epoch in range(num_epochs):
        for X, y in train_loader:
            X_augmented, y_perm = cf.copypaste_batch(X, y)
            y_hat = model(X_augmented)

>             loss = area * loss_fn(y_hat, y) + (1 - area) * loss_fn(y_hat, y_perm) + loss_fn_mse(y_hat, y_perm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            loss = area * loss_fn_ce(y_hat, y) + (1 - area) * loss_fn_ce(y_hat, y_perm) + loss_fn_mse(y_hat, y_perm)
```

copypaste = CopyPaste()

trainer = Trainer(
    model=model,
    train_dataloader=train_dataloader,
    eval_dataloader=eval_dataloader,
    max_duration='1ep',
    algorithms=[copypaste]
)

trainer.fit()
```

### Implementation Details

Our implementation of CopyPaste augmentation is aligned with the [CVPR 2021 paper](https://openaccess.thecvf.com/content/CVPR2021/papers/Ghiasi_Simple_Copy-Paste_Is_a_Strong_Data_Augmentation_Method_for_Instance_CVPR_2021_paper.pdf) by Ghiasi et al. as we choose the strategy of randomly choosing instances from a source sample and pasting them into random locations of the target sample.

The process begins with randomly (with replacement) drawing a pair of source and target samples from the data batch. Each sample contains an image of shape `(C, H, W)` as well as its corresponding annotated mask of shape `(H, W)` with pixel values denoting the class ID. A set of randomly chosen object instances are selected from the source sample and random transformations (Large-scale Jittering) are applied to each of the instances. Jittered intances are then pasted into a random location of the target image.

## Suggested Hyperparameters

> Our CopyPaste implementation offers a variety of tunable hyperparameters which enable the user to control the mechanics of transformations that are applied to the copied instances as well as governing the statistics of stochastic parts of this augmentation method. However, the most impactful hyperparameter seems to be th probability of applying CopyPaste to a selected pair of source & target samples. This tunable parameter is set to `p = 0.5` by default to ensure feeding both original (non-augmented) and augmented samples to the network during a training job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our CopyPaste implementation offers a variety of tunable hyperparameters which enable the user to control the mechanics of transformations that are applied to the copied instances as well as governing the statistics of stochastic parts of this augmentation method. However, the most impactful hyperparameter seems to be the probability of applying CopyPaste to a selected pair of source & target samples. This tunable parameter is set to `p = 0.5` by default to ensure feeding both original (non-augmented) and augmented samples to the network during a training job.
```

## Technical Details

> During the process of copying instnaces from the source sample to the target sample, several considerations are applied to the to-be-copied instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the process of copying instances from the source sample to the target sample, several considerations are applied to the to-be-copied instance.
```

> If the mask of a copied instance collides with an existing mask in the target instance, the target mask is overlayed by the copied mask from the source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the mask of a copied instance collides with an existing mask in the target instance, the copied mask is placed over the existing mask.
```

After randomly drawing an instance from the source sample, the instance object goes through the Large-scale Jittering, which includes horizontal flipping, rescaling, and cropping. Statistics of these stochastic transformations are determined by the configurable hyperparameters of the speed-up method.

> > ❗ CopyPaste ignore the instances that are too small

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ❗ CopyPaste ignores instances that are too small
```
